Repair broken GitHub action and extend it to support Python 3.11 (#383)
OCR-D/ocrd_all: README.md

#### _PYTHON_

Name of the Python binary to use (at least python3 required).

> It is also used for the target `deps-ubuntu` to select the required packages
> unless it was set to `python`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If set to just `python`, then for the target `deps-ubuntu` it is assumed that Python is already installed.
```
